Add security for keypair creation in configure_ec2 pattern (#129)
redhat-cop/cloud.aws_ops: extensions/patterns/configure_ec2/README.md

This pattern is designed to help get an EC2 instance up and running.

To enable SSH access to the EC2 instance from your local machine, you need to do 2 things:

> 1. **Provide a Key Name**: Enter a key name in the **key_name** parameter in the survey. A new key will be created (or an existing key with the specified namewill be used) and associated with the EC2 instance. Be sure to save the private key value provided at the end of the job run, as you'll need it for future access to the instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Provide a Key Name**: Enter a key name in the **key_name** parameter in the survey. A new key will be created (or an existing key with the specified namewill be used) and associated with the EC2 instance. If creating a new key pair, be sure to save the private key value provided at the end of the job run, as you'll need it for future access to the instance.
```

> 2. **Add a Security Group Rule for SSH Access**: Configure a security group rule to allow inbound SSH traffic from your local machine's IP address. Provide this rule in the **sg_rules** parameter in the survey.

Reviewer: We might want to show an example here.

This pattern is designed to help get an EC2 instance up and running.

> To enable SSH access to the EC2 instance from your local machine, you need to do 2 things:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To enable SSH access to the EC2 instance from your local machine, following 2 actions are required:
```

This pattern is designed to help get an EC2 instance up and running.

To enable SSH access to the EC2 instance from your local machine, you need to do 2 things:

> 1. **Provide a Key Name**: Enter a key name in the **key_name** parameter in the survey. A new key will be created (or an existing key with the specified namewill be used) and associated with the EC2 instance. If creating a new key pair, be sure to save the private key value provided at the end of the job run, as you'll need it for future access to the instance.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. **Provide a Key Name**: Enter a key name in the **key_name** parameter in the survey. A new key will be created (or an existing key with the specified name will be used) and associated with the EC2 instance. If creating a new key pair, be sure to save the private key value provided at the end of the job run, as you'll need it for future access to the instance.
```

Reviewer 3: I'm not sure if it's worth adding some sort of reminder here that anyone who can view the job output will be able to see the key. I don't know how long job output is saved, but I assume quite a while.

This pattern is designed to help get an EC2 instance up and running.

To enable SSH access to the EC2 instance from your local machine, you need to do 2 things:

1. **Provide a Key Name**: Enter a key name in the **key_name** parameter in the survey. A new key will be created (or an existing key with the specified namewill be used) and associated with the EC2 instance. If creating a new key pair, be sure to save the private key value provided at the end of the job run, as you'll need it for future access to the instance.

2. **Add a Security Group Rule for SSH Access**: Configure a security group rule to allow inbound SSH traffic from your local machine's IP address. Provide this rule in the **sg_rules** parameter in the survey.

_Sample Security Group Rule_
---------------------------

```yaml

> sg_rules:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
I would remove the `sg_rules` part of this since it doesn't get included in the survey field input.
